feat: make claude code agent runtime capabilities configurable (#1603)
NVIDIA-NeMo/Gym: responses_api_agents/claude_code_agent/README.md

- `claude_code_version`: npm version to pin on auto-install (null means latest)
- `thinking`: passed to `--thinking` (`disabled`, `adaptive`, or `enabled`)
- `max_thinking_tokens`: passed to `--max-thinking-tokens` to cap thinking token usage
- `bare`: when `true` (default), pass `--bare` to skip auto-discovery of skills, hooks, plugins, MCP servers, auto memory, and CLAUDE.md. Set to `false` to let Claude Code discover those from `CLAUDE_CONFIG_DIR` and the working directory
- `mcp_config`: path to an MCP server config file, passed to `--mcp-config`. Explicit, so it works regardless of `bare`
- `settings`: path to a settings JSON layered into the per-run `CLAUDE_CONFIG_DIR/settings.json`. Top-level keys override the defaults; the `env` block is shallow-merged so telemetry stays disabled unless you override it

For the full set of Claude Code CLI flags see the [CLI reference](https://code.claude.com/docs/cli-reference).

## Runtime capabilities

> The agent defaults to a fully isolated runtime for reproducibility, but each capability is a config knob — no `app.py` edits needed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent defaults to a plain CLI call in "bare" mode for simplicity and reproducibility, but each capability is a exposed as a config knob, and anything that is not can be added easily.
```

- **Keep it isolated (default):** `bare: true`, `mcp_config: null`, `settings: null`. Identical to the original behavior.
- **Add MCP servers:** set `mcp_config` to a config file path. `--mcp-config` is explicit, so it applies even with `bare: true`.
- **Layer custom settings:** set `settings` to a JSON file path. It is merged into the per-run `CLAUDE_CONFIG_DIR/settings.json` (env shallow-merged onto the telemetry-disabling defaults).
- **Enable auto-discovery (skills, hooks, plugins, memory, CLAUDE.md):** set `bare: false`. Claude Code then discovers these from `CLAUDE_CONFIG_DIR` and the working directory.

The per-run `CLAUDE_CONFIG_DIR` is created fresh for each request and removed afterward, so opted-in content is staged per rollout and does not leak between runs. This is the staging seam reused by skills evaluation (placing skills under `CLAUDE_CONFIG_DIR/skills/`).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For a full specification of the claude code CLI configuration options, visit https://code.claude.com/docs/en/cli-reference.

```

Author: I already have this link provided above in L98
